bring you back to the the main story
today those attacks in southern Gaza
there have been more Israeli air strikes
overnight we're going to talk to our
correspondent KH Mahmud who's joining us
from Rafa in the South to tell us what's
been happening over the last few hours
honey yes well in overnight attacks and
early hours of this morning uh this time
seem to be concentrated in the central
uh area as if it's happening just not to
leave people an options for safety we're
talking about at the same time people
are trying to absorb what happened uh in
the the within the past 24 hours the
attacks on on Rafa has hundreds of
people started to flee Rafa City going
back to to the central area or seeking
shelter uh in the Central Area uh the
very particular area they're looking for
a refuge and a shelter came under heavy
bombardment and overnight attack and
early hours of this morning we're
talking about more residential homes
being attacked and and destroyed five
people in aat refugee camp that's a
block one at the eastern part of the
central area and then another
residential home in a block to the
western part uh of the Central Area the
father and his daughter and remaining
family members were critically injured
and rush to Ala Hospital the AL refugee
camp another attacks Mass Relentless air
strikes on more residential homes where
more in critically injured individuals
were rushed to uh the hospital it just
if I'm not mistaken this is uh probably
uh the first time we see uh an entire
large scale attacks on refugee camps it
happened before in the uh uh in northern
part of Gaza City but the idea where you
where people are being squeezed in a
small parts of the Gaza Strip turned
largely into refugee camps are being
relentlessly attacked but the the most
uh tragic things going on right now is
in KH unun where for the 17th day in a
ro n hospital is under military Siege
where snipers at the vicinity of the
hospital taking positions and shooting
at every moving objects the hospital
announced that it ran completely out of
fuel it's now experiencing a complete a
a blackout and and and power outage
causing a disaster at the ICU at the
operation rooms as well as a causing a a
great deal of sui flood in certain
Departments of the hospital as there are
no power generators no electricity to
drain all the sewage out of the uh out
of the hospital so this is causing
another health risk going on we're
talking about a 300 medical staff inside
the hospital at least 450
patients and injuries inside the
hospital are right now risking there's a
risk of losing their lives as there are
no ICU no operations room functioning
properly and there are also those who've
been Sheltering inside the hospitals
unable to leave or go to a safer area as
they attempt if they dare to attempt you
will be shot by the snipers around the
hospitals RAF also came under heavy
artillery Shilling the eastern part of
the city as as well as the uh border
line area
between Gaza and Egypt under Relentless
air strike targeted farmlands and more
of the public facilities in the area Han
thank you very much indeed that's Han
Mahmud talking to us from Rafa in
southern Gaza